# CaeUnsADS
The AeroDynamic Solutions, Inc. unstructured CAE plugin (ADS/Leo (unstructured))

## Building the ADS/Leo (unstructured) Plugin

To build the AeroDynamic Solutions, Inc. unstructured CAE (ADS/Leo (unstructured)) 
plugin you must integrate the source code from this repository into your local 
PluginSDK installation. These instructions assume you have already downloaded, 
installed, and [verified][SDKdocs] the [Pointwise Plugin SDK][SDKdownload]. Be 
sure the SDK version you are using is compatible with the version of Pointwise 
which you are targeting.

To integrate this github source code, you must first create a plugin project in 
your SDK using the steps shown below. Even though the SDK builds with C++ 
compilers, the this plugin uses the C-style entry points. Consequently, you 
*must* use the `-c` option with `mkplugin` below.

If you plan on building the plugin for multiple platforms, I suggest that you 
place the SDK on a network drive. That way you can build plugins using the same 
SDK installation. You only need to create the plugin project one time. Once a 
plugin project is created, it can be accessed and built on all platforms 
supported by Pointwise.

In the sections below, the `PluginSDK` folder is shorthand for the full path 
to the `PluginSDK` folder of your SDK installation. That is, `PluginSDK` 
is shorthand for `\some\long\path\to\your\install\of\PluginSDK`.

### Creating and Building the ADS/Leo Plugin Project on Unix and Mac OS/X

#### In the Command Shell
   * `% cd PluginSDK`
   * `% ./mkplugin -uns -c ADS`
   * `% make CaeUnsADS-dr`
   * All done

### Creating and Building the ADS/Leo Plugin Project on Windows

#### At the Command Prompt
 * `C:> cd PluginSDK`
 * `C:> mkplugin -uns -c ADS/Leo`
 * `C:> exit`
 * Proceed using Visual Studio

#### In Visual Studio

 * Choose the *File &gt; Open &gt; Project/Solution...* menu
 * Select the file `PluginSDK\PluginSDK_vs20NN.sln`
  * Where NN depends on the Plugin SDK version being used
  * Using a Visual Studio version older than NN will probably fail.
  * Using a Visual Studio version newer than NN should work but will require a 
    project upgrade.
 * In the *Solution Explorer* window
  * Right-click on the *Plugins* folder
  * Choose *Add &gt; Existing Project...* in the popup menu
  * Select `PluginSDK\src\plugins\CaeUnsADS\CaeUnsADS.vcxproj`
    * A *CaeUnsADS* project should now be listed under the *Plugins* folder 
      along with the other SDK example plugins
  * Right-click on the *CaeUnsADS* project
  * Choose *Build* in the popup menu

If all goes well above, you should be able to build the CaeUnsADS plugin 
without errors or warnings. The plugin does not do anything yet. Building at this 
point was done to be sure we are ready to integrate the ADS/Leo source code 
from this repository.

### Integrating the github ADS/Leo Plugin Source Code into Your SDK

Once the `CaeUnsADS` project is created and builds correctly as explained above, 
integrate the source code from this repository into your project by copying the 
repository files into the `PluginSDK\src\plugins\CaeUnsADS` folder. This 
overwrites the do-nothing, boilerplate files generated by `mkplugin`.

If all builds correctly after copying the files, you now have a CaeUnsADS plugin 
that is functionally equivalent to the ADS/Leo plugin distributed with Pointwise. 
You are now ready to make your desired changes to the CaeUnsADS plugin.

### Closing Thoughts

Even though this new plugin is functionally equivalent, its group and user ids
are different. Because of this, Pointwise will treat the ADS/Leo plugin created 
by the SDK as a different CAE solver.

In the [How to Create a CAE Plugin][SDKbuild] section, click on the 
**4. Build the CAE plugin** link for information on configuring your SDK build 
environment.

If you plan on publicly releasing source or binary builds of your version of 
the ADS/Leo plugin, you need to be careful about your choice of site id, site 
group name, plugin id, and plugin name. See documentation for [site.h][SDKsite.H] 
for details. Your plugin may not load correctly into Pointwise if the values you 
choose conflict with other CAE plugins.

Being open source, we would like to see any enhancements or bug fixes you make 
to the ADS/Leo plugin integrated back into the main Pointwise build. Please do 
not hesitate to send us git pull requests for your changes. We will evaluate 
your changes and integrate them as appropriate.


[SDKdownload]: http://www.pointwise.com/plugins/#sdk_downloads
[SDKdocs]: http://www.pointwise.com/plugins
[SDKsite.H]: http://www.pointwise.com/plugins/html/d6/d89/site_8h.html
[SDKbuild]: http://www.pointwise.com/plugins/html/index.html#how_to_create_a_cae_plugin
